### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is and open source Object-Relational Database that uses and extends the SQL Language

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL is a human readable language for relational databases. PostgreSQL is a more advanced language with additional features that support arrays, IP Adress Data types, Cascade operations, etc.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
Connect to a database by typing '\c database_name'

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
Having means a particular item from a column/table 
Where means from which column/table

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
Inner joins between tables that do not include non-matching rows
Outter joins that include non-matching rows

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
Left Outer returns all the values in the left table as well as matched values from the right table 
Right Outer returns all the values from the right table as well as matched values from the left table

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
Object Relational Mapping tool, allows us to navigate SQL queries in a different language of the users choice like JavaScript or Python

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
Making requests from the server side allows the user to hide specific information from the client side. We can still use Flask and Flask_SQLAlchemy but respond with JSON rather than HTML  

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
Cross-Site Request Forgery is a unique token that is generated by the server (WTForms). This allows the server to recognixze and verify the form requests and thus allow the changes to occur

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
This is where the hidden CSRF field attribute is located.